# A-Language-Programmed-While-Listening-To-Godspeed-You--Black-Emporer
An esoteric programming language written in Rust.

  First esolang and first Rust project. Not very neat. The language was originally written over the course of a week, then re-written in two days with an interpreter instead of a translator.
  To compile the interpreter, first download the repo and unzip it. Then check that you have the most up-to-date version of Rust. Once you do, navigate to the unzipped folder, then type cargo build --release into the command line. This will build a runnable .exe in The folder .\ALPWLTGY-BE\target\release.
  .\ALPWLTGY-BE\src\legacy contains the legacy code for the old translator which would translate ALPWLTGY!BE into C++, and can be built and used in the same way, but you will also have to compile the C++ file generated by the translator. The legacy translator is no longer supported and has many bugs and misses some features. 
  Open to contributions, but I may not accept your contributions if they add functionaliy to ALPWLTGY!BE that I don't want it to have, or don't fit with the rest of the language. Still a WIP. - Eve (3/21/22)

  First esolang and first Rust project. Not very neat. The code is translated to C++, instead of interpreted or compiled. The C++ code must be then manually be compiled by the programmer. No need for a CMake, just compile from the command line. Open to contributions, but I may not accept your contributions if they don't fit into the style I would like for ALPWLTGY!BE to have. I plan to make an interpreter instead of a translator, eventually. I cannot fix some bugs and implement some features that I want using the translation method. Still a WIP. - Eve (3/17/22)

More details about the language can be found here: https://esolangs.org/wiki/A_Language_Programmed_While_Listening_to_Godspeed_You!_Black_Emperor
